'ACHIEVEMENTS'    : Stood First in Inter College Group Discussions. 


'CAREER OBJECTIVE'    : Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology Industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible.


'DBMS Packages'    : Oracle 8i

'DESCRIPTION'    : The DS1307 is a low powerful binary coded decimal(BCD) clock/calendar plus 56 bytes of NV SRAM. Address and data are transferred serially through an I2C birectional bus.The Clock/Calendar provides seconds,minute,hours,day,date, month,and year information.The end of the month date is automatically adjusted for months fewer than 31days including corrections for leap year.The clock operates in either the 24-clock or 12-hour format with AM/PM indicator.The DS 1307 has a built in power sense circuit that detects power failures and automatically switches to the battery supply.


'Date Of Birth'    : 21.Sep 1988

'EDUCATION QUALIFICATION'    : B.TECH  in Electronics and communication engineering (2001-2005) from B.M.S.C.E. with 78% aggregate.


'EXTRA CURRICULAR'    : Badminton Champion in Inter school competitions. (1998)
Captain of school cricket team.
Event organizer in all school and college annual day functions and other technical events.


'Father’s Name'    : YYYYYYY

'Front End'    : VB 6.0

'Hobbies'    : Making new Friends,Travelling,Collecting coins

'Intermediate'    : Board of Intermediate Education 73.4% aggregate.A.I.S.S.E from CBSE board with 76% aggregate.


'Languages'    : C, C++

'Languages Known'    : Telugu,English and Hindi

'Mother’s Name'    : ZZZZZZZZ

'Name'    : XXXXXXXX

'Nationality'    : Indian

'Operating Systems'    : MS DOS,Windows98,NT,2000,XP

'PERSONAL SKILLS'    : Comprehensive problem solving abilities, excellent verbal and written communication skills, ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn team facilitator hard worker.


'Place'    : Bangalore.                                                                          (XXXXX YYYY)

'Project'    : Real Time Clock using  Microcontroller AT 89C51,IC DS 1307 and I2C bi-directional bus.

'Topic'    : The affect of cinema on the present generationParticipated in Electrosoft-2004, a national level event on paper presentation. 
Participated in college and school level debate and essay competition and received   applauds 
Participated in college and school level debate and essay competition and received    applauds 


'Web Designing'    : JAVA,HTML,XML`


