Name:           	Anusha Pakalakunja	
Mobile no: 		9538084158 
E-mail:			anu.pakalakunja@gmail.com

Objective:		I am looking forward for an opportunity to utilize my experience and knowledge for my personnel growth and the growth 				of the organisation.

Work Experiece:		Working with Cisco Video Technology Pvt Ltd as a Software Engineer since July 2010  till present (3 years 5 months).

Role : 			Involved in Requirements gathering, Design, Development and Deployement.Have provided efficient customer supports for 				the tools.Have worked with Agile, SCRUM methodologies.	

Projects Worked on : 	1. Metapps - It is a web portal to add/edit/view/download various tools developed/under development. User will be able 				to see the versions of a tool and its usage details. Also, he will be able to rate a tool and comment on it.
				Technogies used - Django 1.4, Python 2.7, MySQL, Javascript, JQuery, HTML, CSS, Ajax.

			2. Headend deviation detector tool -  This tool validates if the DVB/MPEG content in the stream are compliant with the 				NDS standards.
				Technolgies used - Django 1.4, Python 2.7, SQLLite, Javascript, JQuery, HTML, CSS, Ajax ,

			3. RCA Tracker - A web portal to track the root causes for the issues faced across during the development of an 			product. All the details will be saved in a central database and accessible by all.
				Technologies used - Django 1.4, Python 2.7, MS SQL, Javascript, JQuery, HTML, CSS, Ajax.

			4. StreamViewer - This tool analyzes DVB and MPEG streams. User can connect to a TS file or live stream through 
			RF/tuning devices and see the structure of different DVB/MPEG tables and other carousels. 
				Technologies used - .Net,SQLLite.

Academic projects: 	1. R Tree - Map Overlay Implementation (Final Sem Project) - R tree is a multidimensional data structure which is 				constructed for storing the different location in a map. The nearest neighbor search algorithm is used to search N 				nearest neighbors of a given query point.
				Technolgies Used - C++


Personal Information:	Languages - English, Hindi
			DOB - 14 October 1988
			Hobbies - Dance,Listening to music
			Marital Status - Single
			Preferred work location - Bangalore

	


